---
title: 'New Obsidian Sync plans: bigger, better, faster, smoother'
url: https://obsidian.md/blog/new-sync-plans/
date: '2023-11-21'
author: kepano
feed_url: https://obsidian.md/feed.xml
---
Obsidian Sync makes it easy to securely sync your Obsidian data across all major mobile and desktop platforms with end-to-end encryption, version history, and granular settings per device. Today we're excited to share a host of improvements to Obsidian Sync. What's new? Over the next few weeks, we will be updating Obsidian Sync to support the following improvements: More vaults. Vault limit has increased from 5 to 10 vaults. Flexible storage. Per-vault storage limits have changed to a single account-wide storage limit. This means you can allocate your storage any way you want across all your vaults. More storage options. Vault storage will be expandable up to 100 GB. Bigger files. Maximum file size is doubling from 100 MB to 200 MB. Closer servers. You can sync faster by choosing your region. Options will include North America, Europe, Asia, and Oceania. Starting in January 2024, these will be the new Sync plans: 10 GB for $10/mo, or $8/mo billed yearly 100 GB for $20/mo, or $16/mo billed yearly Join Sync now for an early supporter holiday deal If you sign up for Obsidian Sync between now and January 1st, 2024, you will get 50 GB of storage for $10/mo or $8/mo billed yearly. If you are a current Sync subscriber your plan has automatically been upgraded to 50 GB of flexible storage, 10 vaults, and increased file size limit. Your pricing will not change, including any discounts you have. Happy holidays, and thank you for being an early supporter! You can gift Sync to your friends and family with this early supporter benefit through the end of the year. About these changes With these new plans, our goal is to continue offering more flexibility and speed while maintaining the price we launched with in 2020. As Obsidian has grown beyond a million users we have seen a growing variety in vault sizes and storage needs. Some people prefer one large vault, while others split their work across many vaults. Some people are strict text-only writers, while others love working with images, audio, video, and our recently improved PDF capabilities . This variety of use cases made it clear that Sync should grow beyond a one-size-fits-all plan. Previously, the 5 vault limit and 10 GB per vault made Obsidian Sync too restrictive for some users. By making Sync more flexible we're excited to see what new use cases open up. FAQs Q: As a current user do I need to do anything special to access the new plan and features? A: As a current Sync subscriber, your account will be automatically upgraded to 10 vaults with 50 GB of flexible storage. There will be no changes in pricing at your next renewal. All discounts are preserved. Q: How do these new plans affect early bird pricing, non-profit, or educational discounts? A: Any discounts on your account are still applied to the new plans. Your existing pricing will remain unchanged. If you upgrade to 100 GB of storage you will still benefit from the discounts on your account. Q: If I cancel my 50 GB plan can I sign up for it again? A: No. If you cancel your 50 GB plan, it will no longer be available to you. Starting in January 2024, you will only have access to the new 10 GB and 100 GB storage options. Q: Can I switch between monthly and yearly billing without losing my plan? A: Yes. You can switch between monthly and yearly billing (or vice versa) without affecting your plan features or any discount you may have. Q: How can I change the server region for my Sync vault? A: You can only select a server region when you initially set up Sync. If you need to change servers you'll need to create a new remote vault and re-upload your vault data. Unfortunately you will lose version history if you do so. We do not currently offer a way to migrate your vault to a different region. Q: Does the Sync server region affect the security or privacy of my data? A: No. Sync uses the same end-to-end encryption and approach to security and privacy regardless of the server region.
